 Primary behaviors I would validate on Emirates book a flight pages are
 1. Page Title- to make sure user is on correct page
 2. Emirates logo visibility and if it is clickable (serves as navigation to home page and brand value)

 Secondary behaviors to validate
 3. Global button -(Does its content match with the requirements document)
 4. Where and when part
        a. return - user should be able to choose dates for both ways (dates flexible checkbox should be enabled)
        b. one way- system should not display return date option(dates flexible checkbox should be enabled)
        c. Advanced search- system should provide option to chain multiple cities. Add another city option should appear
        d. By default Economy Class should be selected
        e. Autofill behavior in departures and arrivals
        f. Past dates on the calendar should be disabled
 5. Passengers part
        a. Validate passengers selections in accordance to the requirements specified (the question mark)
           example:
          i. total passenger to book(test how Adults and children number behave with respect to total number of 9)
          ii. behavior of infants selection availability with accordance to adults number
          iii. Age validations for Adults, Children and Infants
 6. Promotional offers
        can user enter Promotional code
 7. Functionality of the Search Button
          i. in case there are missing fields error regarding required fields should be displayed
          ii. in case required fields are all filled up Search button should lead to SearchResult page

 Tertiary behaviors to validate(login is not mandatory to search flights)

 8. Login Button
        a. When clicked a new window pops up (verify that it matches the requirements)
        b. Validate the behaviors of options on login window(login fields, join now, forgots , etc.)
        example: When clicked Login page is opens in a new tab- verify that this is an accordance
        with the specification document

